the 2016 edition of aces day and bike to
school day took place on May fourth with
over 1,000 schools and more than 400,000
students across Michigan taking 60
minutes out of their day to exercise
asus stands for all children exercising
simultaneously coordinated by the
Michigan Fitness Foundation and
sponsored by farm bureau insurance of
Michigan the organizations are just two
of many helping to engage millions of
children worldwide each year on the
first wednesday in May the Michigan
Fitness Foundation loves aces day it's
an opportunity for kids to be active
it's proven that active kids do better
in school they miss fewer days our
sponsor and why this is even possible
because the farm bureau insurance not
only are they financially supportive of
this event they have staff to come out
and they're just committed to this event
and the health and wellness of Michigan
we also partner with united dairy
industry of michigan they supply milk to
the schools throughout the state and at
each venue and then Michigan State
University the University of Michigan
and Wayne State all hosts these events
for us as no cost just to support the
event and kids being active most of the
students at ms use event arrived by bus
but a large group out there on two
wheels for the police escort and in the
rain this is mcdonald middle school
students there are 260 one of them that
bites here from east lansing public
schools today to celebrate aces day we
feel it's really important to get kids
involved they were super pumped and
excited and we're just here to exercise
and have a great time for the past 18
years farm bureau insurance of michigan
has supported aces day with local
agent's making donations to over 40
Michigan schools assisting with
purchasing of health and wellness tools
and funding fitness programs
part of what Farm Bureau is all about is
protecting the people of Michigan from
the risk of everyday life if you think
about it one of the greatest things we
can protect is our children teaching
them how to be physically fit active and
eating right is one of the things that
we're all about at farm bureau insurance
and this aces day is a great example of
things that we want to do to help
promote a wonderful great future for the
children of Michigan you can learn more
about the Michigan Fitness Foundation
its work to inspire active lifestyles
and healthy food choices for all ages at
Michigan Fitness org slash aces